# Python3.12
# Formatted to VS Code Black Formatter defualt setting
# Linted with Flake8
# Developed on Mac OS 13.4.1 with x86 CPU

If you want to set up a virtual environment to run the
app run:
	python -m venv .venv
	source .venv/bin/activate
    python main.py

To install the application into your PATH, navigate to 
the project directory in the terminal and run:
    
	python setup.py install

Then you will be able to run the application like in the
prompt.


To run the unit tests, navigate to project directory and 
run:
	python tests.py


Note: the only external dependency is 'setuptools' and
can be installed from requirements.txt or pip directly.
It is only needed to install the app.


NB: Thank you for this opportunity to show my abilities. 
I wish I had more than the few hours I was able to 
dedicate to this project. If it had been any other week,
I am sure that I would have created a fully implemented
program. Between a family birthday, and unexpected 
plumbing issues, and a major appliance failing, I was not
able to dedicate myself to this in the way I wanted to. I
don't want to provide an excuse, but rather let you know
the circumstances under which I chose to prioritize
things other than fully completing the assignment. Not
all of the calculator functions are implemented, but I
think that the ones that are meet the expectations laid
out in the prompt. Thank you and I hope you find the code
satisfactory enough to discuss my skill and
qualifications further.
